welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the funk ns3 so their slogan is
functionality perfected so you're
probably not going to find 8200 dpi
sensors and you know 57 buttons and
whatever else but the idea behind this
mouse was to create something that was
usable so check this up packaging is
very clean so let's do the back first so
you've got him optimal in range button
placements from our accurate gameplay so
the idea is that there's not a ton of
buttons but you could reach them all
built to last them only the best
components available to keep your comfy
grip allows you to keep focused on the
screen so it's a palm type mouse
customizable LED lighting system with
profile indication okay so there's RGB
lighting which is basically just there
and there switch instantly to another
dpi by holding down the instant aim
button so it's got an aim button for a
sniper button or whatever sort of a lot
of different guys have called that
alright
him it all started back in 1999 in sunny
California a bunch of passionate gamers
and friends got fed up with computer
gear not cutting it like anyone serious
about his business these guys decided it
was time to take action
they were visionaries free thinkers and
entrepreneurs and thank God Steve Jobs
came along and invented the modern
gaming mouse in sunny California in 1999
actually that's not really what happened
there but the point is that there were
some guys they founded funk and they
wanted to create stuff that was good
enough for them to use it so funk was
kind of m.i.a for a little bit there but
it has been resurrected and this is
pretty much the first product that's
come out of the rejuvenated company so
let's go ahead and open this bad boy up
you can open it up from either side I
chose the right because that's how I
roll I make decisions and I just go for
it spec wise what have they got to say
for themselves
Omron switches so that's in line with
funk saying that they're using only the
highest quality materials on run
switches are very very well regarded but
let's just this is funny check us out
they actually call out the exact
processor they're using a vago UGS 9500
okay so our sorry sensor and then the
processor is a WT 65 73 onboard memory
512 kilobytes resolution
9250 670 dpi that is a huge range and
that goes all the way down very very low
1,200 frames per second tracking speed
five point one meters per second I think
there's pretty much everything in here
the only thing that I've seen that is
not here so you can have up to thousand
hours polling rate is that that thing
that logitech's doing now where they
actually rate the feet on the bottom of
the mice for a particular distance that
they can travel 250 kilometers on their
latest a GS series mice so let's go
ahead and check out the actual mouse
itself so it's much wider than what you
might be used to if you've seen a few
sort of modern gaming mice because a lot
of the mice out there it seems like
manufacturers are hedging their bets a
little bit and saying okay well if we
build something smaller than some people
with small hands we'll be able to palm
it and people with big hands will be
able to claw it whereas funk has gone
okay no we're going to build something
bigger so that people with bigger hands
can palm it and people with smaller
hands can palm it slightly less so what
you'll notice is that I have small hands
and while my hand does fit comfortably
on the MS 3 you can see that I'm not
nearly to the end of the buttons here or
to the rests for the ring finger and the
pinky finger and you can see here on the
other side I'm also not able to reach
the sniper button necessarily so the MS
3 is optimized for people with bigger
hands such as slick who's on his way
over here right now to show us what his
larger hands will look like on the MS 3
thank you slick for stepping in and
doing what I can't do so ah you know
what the mics on so feel free to to talk
I still kind of claw it actually but I
can palm it a lot easier than those
place okay so here let's do a quick size
comparison sort of slicks hand versus
mine so baseball glove lady hand so
somewhere in between is probably where
you're going to find the perfect balance
with the ns3 now let's go ahead and
cover all the buttons that are on here
so we've got four buttons that are
accessible with the thumb for me
personally I'd be able to do one two
three of them this one's a bit stiffer
than these two you can actually hear
there's a distinctly different clicks
to them and then this one is more of a
spring-loaded sort of type of feel of
button just like this one right here two
buttons on the top all of these can be
reprogrammed from within the funk
software as well as a non-tilting but
pressable scroll wheel and an additional
button over here on the right of your
ring finger now I personally prefer this
positioning for a button that's going to
be intended to be pressed by moving off
either my left to right click because
I've seen one's position here a lot of
the time and I personally left-click a
lot more than I right click so I would
rather move this off to the side then
move this off to the side with that said
my hands are slightly too small to reach
that button on the end so guys if your
hands are a little bit on the bigger
side you have probably found your new
mouse the bottom is covered in a glossy
finish that also has slippy pads right
here here here here and here and you can
see the laser sensor right here through
the bottom of the mouse itself the
braided cable is 2 meters long and has a
nice little sort of black and orange
finish to it so hopefully you guys can
get a good look at that and then it does
have the gold plated USB connector
although it should be noted that that
doesn't actually do anything for the
performance it's mostly just for show I
mean with that said it's not like it
costs a ton and funks charging you an
extra $25 because they put a gold-plated
connector on it so I wouldn't worry too
much about it from that perspective but
yeah it doesn't actually affect the
performance too much the important thing
well not at all is to have gold plated
inside here not the outside of the
connector where nothing actually happens
except I believe it's a ground but
that's about it so thank you for
checking out my unboxing and first look
at the funk ms3 don't forget to
subscribe - tech tips from more
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos and oh yeah the last thing I
should probably mention about it is it
has a really nice soft touch feel over
the entire Mouse with the exception of
the bottom and the buttons on the top
that feels really good here that should
give you guys some idea of what the
texture is like and actually looks
really good as well thanks guys so yeah
a couple things I missed the 512 K
memory holds up to 3 different profiles
and it's a driverless mouse so you can
just plug it in and it works the way you
intend it to honestly the minute I
switched to my Akari laser
prior to that I'd had a non driverless
mouse I gave up on my student driver
list every mouse should have onboard
memory these days and the last thing is
it can record up to 20 actions with a
macro so there you go
using the editor shut up crow so we just
finished filming this and diesel the
intern apparently wants the smell snow
to swap out on his workstation so there
you go